sports just hold on pitch
we're almost out showing out huh
um got
seriously who just decides to build a
giant themed room deathtrap actually I
think I may know those circuit patterns
in the first chamber I told you I knew
them that style is unique to Balto your
whole planet you think your people built
this path of lions I know I mean yes but
not just them we know my planet provided
the technology for the original Voltron
and we know the raw metal is mined from
here on Ariel hence the chamber with the
nasty blacksmith theme a hunk I'm sure
will recognize the unusual energy those
towers were firing at us in the last
chamber he's right
that's the same stuff powering Voltron
that comes from Ariel - I don't think so
it seems to me that these trials and
Voltron itself were designed by
how is this fair I thought we already
had a tech trial enough of this blast
the bots and let's move on our Volk cons
are dead
hey come on let's go with the boom-boom
bitch I'm drawing blanks here he's a
jamming signal they're blocking our
comms
me
Oh